QUESTION 1
If a pool member has been marked DOWN by a monitor, what will be the result?
A. That pool member will receive the same level of traffic regardless of the state
B. That pool member will still receive traffic but will redirect it to other servers.
C. That pool member will only receive traffic for existing connections.
D. That pool member will not receive any more traffic until it comes up.

1.D

QUESTION 2
An administrator is deploying four identical servers to perform load balanced DNS.
What is the correct configuration to accomplish this?
A. round robin load balancing with simple persistence
B. ratio load balancing with cookie persistence
C. ratio load balancing with simple persistence
D. round robin load balancing without persistence

2.A


QUESTION 3
A client initiates a TCP connection to the load balancer. The load balancer opens a new TCP connection to the server.
What is this called?
A. passthrough connection
B. half proxy connection
C. asynchronous connection
D. full proxy connection

3.A


QUESTION 4
Which term describes the systems and processes used to associate users with digital identities?
A.Certificate Authority
B.Hardware Security Module
C.Digital Rights Management
D.Public Key Infrastructure

4.A

QUESTION 5
Which security policy protects from known attacks and defines resources that should be accessible?
A. a security policy using both positive and negative security
B. a security policy using ACL security
C. a security policy using negative security only
D. a security policy using positive security only

5.C

6

Central management of Certificates 
Answer Big IQ


7
minimum tcp connection for ftp 
Answer 2

8 
OSI layer funtionality 
Answer:It provides logical representation & host to host communication

9
minimum tcp connection for ftp
Answer:2

10
what is this ip used for 224.0.0.1
Answer:Its multicast IP for local subnet

11
usable for the network 2001:db8::/64.
Answer: I chose the 2001:db8:ffff:ffff:ffff:ffff;

12.
A network 192.168.100 / 27 how many hosts and subnets is it possible to have? -> 
Answer:30 host and 8 subnets

13.
Network Protocol – (IPv4, ICMP, ARP, TCP and …) Respond – (IPv4 and ICMP)

14.
checking F5 box update … (Options – f5.com, ihealth.f5.com, askf5.com, devcentral.f5.com) 
Answer: AskF5.com

15.
In a failover the user must re-authenticate in the application. 
AnswerBecause? —> Mirror is not enabled

16
Questions on HA like what causes a failover 
heartbeat

17
question on device trust in HA

18
question like what are parts of ssl communication .

19
Client A connect with Client B in transparent HUB what mac address will client B see

20
SAML question , something like what does service this protocol provide ,> SSO

21
questions related to OSI layer data packets , bit – physical layer , Network data gram, TCP – segment

22
question like what ARP provides 

IP to mac binding

23
question on AAA
what provides accounting service
DIAMETER

24
in AAA what does SAML provide autherization & access filter


25
What is the most efficient certificate revocation method?

Server certificate attribute validation

Client certificate attribute validation

Online Certificate Revocation List

Online Certificate Status Protocol

Answer Online Certificate Revocation List

26
According to the OSI model, how do the layers logically track data?

by encapsulating data with their own information

by applying tags as the information moves between layers

by using reference pointers to track data entering and leaving each layer

by using packet information to track the data with a table of layer-specific information


Answer by using packet information to track the data with a table of layer-specific information

27

Which term describes the systems and processes used to associate users with digital identities?
Certificate Authority
Hardware Security Module
Digital Rights Management
Public Key Infrastructure

Answer Public Key Infrastructure

28

Which three factors should influence the decision to choose hardware or a virtual appliance? (Choose three.)
A. multiprotocol support
B. power and cooling
C. management API
D. available rack space
E. performance

Answer B/D/E

29.
What are two advantages of running a virtualized load balancer over running a hardware load balancer? (Choose two.)
A. A virtual load balancer runs newer code than a hardware load balancer.
B. A virtual load balancer can be deployed remotely via software.
C. A virtual load balancer is faster.
D. A virtual load balancer is easier to configure.
E. A virtual load balancer is cheaper.

B/D

30.
Which F5 technology allows an administrator to create application-centric views of BIG-IP configuration objects?
A. iRules
B. iApps
C. iControl
D. iSessions

B

31.
In which scenario is a full proxy TCP connection required?
A. when access lists are enabled
B. when SYN cookie DOS protection is enabled
C. when caching is enabled
D. when connection mirroring is enabled

C

32.
An administrator has a specific file that is requested frequently on the web application. How can the administrator reduce traffic to the servers?
A. serve the file from RAM cache
B. enable file compression
C. use a longer packet TTL
D. use TCP optiization

A

33.
Which F5 feature provides custom Data Loss Prevention (DLP)?
A. TCP profile
B. SSL profile
C. iRules
D. iControl

C

34.
In which scenario is a full proxy TCP connection required?
A. when enabling TCP routing on the external facing interface of the load balancer
B. when configuring different maximum segment sizes on the client and server sides of the load balancer
C. when changing the source IP address when crossing from the client to the server side of the load balancer
D. when passing the client IP address to originating servers

C

35.

In which security model is all traffic denied by default?
A. rule-based security model
B. positive security model
C. negative security model
D. role-based security model

B

36.

Which security model can be deployed most rapidly to protect a web application?
A. ACL security model
B. negative security model
C. open security model
D. positive security model

B

37.
An administrator has been asked to create a template to deploy an application traffic management solution on many BIG-IP devices.
Which F5 technology should the administrator use?
A. iRules
B. iControl
C. iApps
D. iSessions

C

38.
how client test of a specific method is supported 
OPTION

40
exhibit with tcp dump and the questions who should send the sync\ack — 
the answer is the Client source address in the second line of the dump.

41
Admin discovered new security vulnerability how can he rapidly fix it?
choices “icontrol-isession-iRule-iApp”

42
How to restirect http mthod 
(irule-http profile-ssl profile)

43
SAML provide what function in AAA i don’t remeber the choices but the answer was ” usage measure & authentication )

44
user sends big amount of data to a server but during the process the server sent tcp window size 
what is the reason choices were somethinf like ( server can’t handle more data, server rest the session and two other chouces but you should choose just one )

45
what could benfit more from compression 
(http ,peer-to-peer, video,media) video needs to be checked


46 traffic passes though the loadblancer from the client to server but the return traffic pass bypass the LB directly from server to client, what proxy archticure is impelemnteed 
(full stack proxy, packt-by-packet proxy and other option )

47 -what is responsab;e for flow-controll and error correction in Data-link layer 
(MAC,LLC,…..and other options)

48 -what can add more application security layer to SMTP and FTP (LTM,GTM,APM,AFM)


49
traffic is processed by two units and each units is ready to handle all the traffic of the other failed, what type of high availability is implemented 
(Active-active,active-standby…..other option)

50
new virtual server is implemented and needed to be tested and the old virtual server is still in use, how it should be tested “or something like that” choices were 
(add ip address to the FQDN, add entry to client host file )

51 
a deployment that is fast to get and deploy answer is virtual server

52
what is minimum objects required for loadbalnce(ip address- desstination server address- helath monitor-presistance profile)

53
protocol SOAP how it works ( the correct answers was XML, HTTP)

54
Flow of osi when sender – when client A is sending packet to B how it will look on OSI  – layer from1 to 7 or from 7 to 1

55
Which method used to verify if server support POST method —> trace

56

http 401 response when user is not authenticated

57
what is minimum objects required for loadbalnce(ip address- desstination server address- helath monitor-presistance profile )

58
what is responsab;e for flow-controll and error correction in Data-link layer (MAC,LLC,…..and other options)

59
what is responsab;e for flow-controll and error correction in Data-link layer (MAC,LLC,…..and other options)

60
method for authentication (ex. ldap)

61
which protocol send data unencrypted in VPN connection (IPSEC AH, GRE, PPTP, one more IPSEC..)
GRE

62

mac masquarade would be on active member of HA pair
