Troubleshooting BIG-IP VE performance issues


Reviewing the BIG-IP VE configuration and license limits

BIG-IP VE performance issues may be caused by throughput limits that are enforced in the license. The Good-Better-Best bundle license model and certain standalone module licenses for the BIG-IP VE are enforced by limiting the maximum allowed throughput rate; the throughput rate limits the number of allowed vCPUs, and the number of vCPUs restricts the number of TMM threads allowed to run on the system. If the BIG-IP VE experiences performance issues, you should check the license and throughput limits. To determine the maximum allowed throughput rate for a BIG-IP VE, perform the following procedure:

Impact of procedure: Performing the following procedure should not have a negative impact on your system.

Log in to the Traffic Management Shell (tmsh) by typing the following command:
tmsh

Display the maximum allowed throughput rate by typing the following command:
show /sys license detail | grep perf_VE_throughput_Mbps

For example, the following output indicates that the system is limited to 10 Mbps throughput:

perf_VE_throughput_Mbps [10]

To check whether the system is near exceeding the maximum allowed throughput rate, type the following command:
show /sys log ltm |grep -i 'bandwidth utilization'

For example, if the throughput rate has exceeded 75 percent of the maximum allowed throughput rate licensed, the system logs a notification similar to the following:

01010045:5: Bandwidth utilization is 8 Mbps, exceeded 75% of Licensed 10 Mbps

Note: For more information about BIG-IP VE license and throughput limits, refer to K14810: Overview of BIG-IP VE license and throughput limits.

Checking for errors and exceptions in the console window

You may want to reproduce an issue or reboot the BIG-IP VE system while the system is connected to a serial console. Doing so allows you to view any error messages that are displayed on the console during the boot process. For example, if the system fails to boot properly, you should use the serial console to find panic messages or exceptions that may be displayed during the boot sequence. These messages can be provided to F5 Technical Support for further assistance in troubleshooting the issue.

For example, the following panic message may be displayed when attempting to deploy a BIG-IP VE image on a hypervisor host that has insufficient disk space:

PANIC: early exception 06 rip 10:ffffffff816d0739 error 0 cr2 0

Checking for core files

When the BIG-IP VE system encounters an issue, the system may send a signal to the affected process that terminates the process and writes a core dump file to the disk. The core file contains an image of the process's memory at the time of termination. To check the BIG-IP VE for an unexpected core file, perform the following steps:

Impact of procedure: Performing the following procedure should not have a negative impact on your system.

Log in to the command line.
List the contents of the /shared/core directory by typing the following command:
ls -latr /shared/core

For example, the following output indicates that the /shared/core directory contains a TMM core file:

drwxrwxrwt 2 root 4096 Jan 13 2015 .
-rw-r--r-- 1 root 88081515 Jan 13 2015 tmm.0.bld0.0.110.core.gz

Note: When your BIG-IP VE generates a core file, you should contact F5 Technical Support for assistance. Additionally, you should follow the steps provided in K10062: Working with BIG-IP core files to collect and submit the core files and other diagnostic data that the support representative requires to assist you.

Reviewing log messages related to BIG-IP VE performance

The BIG-IP VE log files contain diagnostic information about the events that occur on the system. Events pertain to hardware components, the Linux host, or the BIG-IP operating system specifically.

Impact of procedure: Performing the following procedures should not have a negative impact on your system.

The following log files may contain error messages that indicate BIG-IP VE performance issues:

/var/log/ltm
In this file, the local traffic messages pertain specifically to the BIG-IP local traffic management events.

The system may log an error message similar to the following example when experiencing a memory allocation issue:
notice Size of reserved memory area below 4GB: 0x40000000

The system may log error messages similar to the following example when experiencing a resource allocation issue:
err mprov:6647:: Disk limit exceeded. 12288 MB are required to provision these modules, but only 6960 MB are available.
info mprov:6647:: Provisioning (validation) failed.
mcpd[6254]: 01071008:3: Provisioning failed with error 1 - 'Disk limit exceeded. 12288 MB are required to provision these modules, but only 6960 MB are available.'

/var/log/kern.log
In this file, the kernel messages are logged by the Linux kernel.

The system may log an error message similar to the following example when experiencing a memory allocation issue:
warning kernel: swapper: page allocation failure. order:0, mode:0x20
warning kernel: tmm: page allocation failure. order:0, mode:0x20

/var/log/dmesg
In this file, the dmesg messages contain kernel ring buffer information that pertains to the hardware devices that the kernel detects during the boot process.

The system may log an error message similar to the following example when attempts to suspend the virtual machine fail:

PM: Device input1 failed to suspend: error -22
xen suspend: dpm_suspend_start -22
/var/log/boot.log
In this file, the boot messages contain information that is logged when the system boots.

To review log messages related to BIG-IP VE performance, perform the following steps:

Log in to the BIG-IP command line.
Change to the /var/log directory by typing the following command:
cd /var/log

Use a Linux utility such as cat, or less, to review the desired log file.
 
To view log messages related to hardware components and the Linux host, view the kern.log file or dmesg.
For example:

cat kern.log

To view log messages related to software components and TMM, view the LTM file.
For example:

cat ltm

Checking for interface errors and dropped packets

When experiencing performance issues on the BIG-IP VE system, you may want to check for packet drops or signs that the system is throttling packets. For example, dropped packets may be a result of throughput limits that are enforced in the license. To check the interface statistics, perform one of the following procedures:

Impact of procedures: Performing the following procedures should not have a negative impact on your system.

Using the tmsh utility to check for interface errors and dropped packets

Log in to the tmsh utility by typing the following command: tmsh
Display the interface statistics by typing the following command:
show /net interface all-properties

Review the drops columns. An excessive number of ingress drops may indicate that the system has exceeded the maximum allowed throughput rate allowed by the license.
Using the tmctl utility to check for interface errors and dropped packets

Log in to the BIG-IP command line.
Display interface errors and drops by typing the following command:
tmctl -d blade tmm/if_shaper

Review the drops columns. In the following output example, an excessive number of ingress drops may indicate that the system has exceeded the maximum allowed throughput rate allowed by the license:
ingress_avg ingress_red ingress_drops egress_drops
----------- ----------- ------------- ------------
77 1300 8989069 26162

Checking interface mapping between the BIG-IP system and the hypervisor

If you are experiencing issues after adding or removing a hypervisor interface, you may want to check the interface mappings between the BIG-IP system and the hypervisor. For example, if you attempt to add an interface using the hypervisor software, and the change is not detected by the BIG-IP system, you can verify the interface mappings by comparing the media access control (MAC) addresses of the interfaces displayed by the BIG-IP system to those displayed by the hypervisor client. If the interface mappings are incorrect, the system may fail to properly process network traffic. To verify the interface mappings between the BIG-IP system and the hypervisor, perform the procedure for your BIG-IP software version:

Checking interface mapping (BIG-IP 11.5.0 and later)

Impact of procedure: Performing the following procedure should not have a negative impact on your system.

Log in to the BIG-IP command line.
Review the interface mapping by typing the following command:
cat /etc/ethmap

For example, the following output shows the interface mapping for a BIG-IP system with four virtual interfaces:

eth0 00_50_56_92_79_c4
eth1 00_50_56_92_02_fe
eth2 00_50_56_92_6c_70
eth3 00_50_56_92_2a_20

Log in to the hypervisor client software, and check the interface settings for the BIG-IP VE.
For example, for VMware vSphere Client, right-click the BIG-IP VE virtual machine name and then click Edit Settings. Under the Hardware tab, click the listed interfaces and take note of the MAC address.

If you recently added an interface using the hypervisor client, and the interface mappings do not match, you can map the new network interface and MAC address into the BIG-IP system database by typing the following command:
f5-swap-eth -w

Checking interface mapping (BIG-IP 10.x - 11.4.1)

Impact of procedure: Rebooting the BIG-IP system disrupts traffic processing until the system is back up. You should perform this procedure during a maintenance window.

Log in to the BIG-IP command line.
Review the interface and MAC address mapping for the BIG-IP system by typing the following command:
ifconfig -a

Log in to the hypervisor client software, and check the interface settings for the BIG-IP VE.
For example, for VMware vSphere Client, right-click the BIG-IP VE virtual machine name and then click Edit Settings. Under the Hardware tab, click the listed interfaces and take note of the MAC address.

If you recently added an interface using the hypervisor client, and the interface mappings do not match, you can rebuild the mcpd database by typing the following command:
rm /var/db/mcpd*

Reboot the system by typing the following command:
reboot
